Hi, and welcome to the lesson.
In this lesson, we'll go over the basics of Ethereum.
I'm PK, and I'll be your instructor for this and the next few lessons.
You haven't seen much of me yet, but Brandy, Elena,
and I had been behind the scenes building
the projects you have been completing throughout the program.
As well as working with Udacity,
I've funded to blockchain startups.
At my most recent startup, LINCD,
we specialize in blockchain strategy and distributed ledger infrastructure.
Our focus is helping companies understand how do blockchain enable their business.
On a daily basis,
I work on a variety of blockchain technologies,
including Ethereum and I will bring
that hands-on knowledge to teach you how to get started for yourself.
Throughout the lesson, you'll hear from me,
and also learn some new concepts from Joe.
An instructor you're probably familiar with from earlier in the program.
Earlier, you learned how the Bitcoin blockchain works.
Throughout this course, we'll use these ideas to introduce the Ethereum blockchain.
You get up and running with Ethereum's tools,
developer ecosystem, and protocol.
Ethereum is a completely separate blockchain platform from what we've gone over so far.
We'll start off by introducing its purpose,
along with some basic terminology.
By the end of this lesson, you'll start using some of these tools for yourself.
The goal is to make sure you're prepared to develop
more complex applications using Ethereum.
You'll also get to know the supply side of Eata,
the various consensus algorithms available to us,
current performance of the Ethereum network, scaling plans,
and also understand topics such as accounts, transactions,
gas, fees, network types,
and the Ethereum, which we'll mention itself.
I am really excited to teach you these topics,
and can't wait to show you a Ethereum through a dev lens.